Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Family by Choice]
- Everyone. isn't it so nice to be outside?
- Yes!
I love it. too!
Wow. the flowers are flying!
Oh. it's so pretty!
[Fall 2003]
Who's made pinwheels before?
Me. me!
Wow. everyone's made it before.
As expected. Everyone!
[Yoon Juwon. seven years old]
What is this?
An acorn!
That's right. It's an acorn.
Then. how many syllables is an acorn?
Three!
We're going to try saying words that have three syllables!
Ready. go!
- Me. me!
- You can go first.
- Fish.
- That's right. What about you?
- A cruise ship.
- Oh. a cruise ship.
- A cat.
- Okay. a cat.
- An apartment building.
- A puppy.
- A rainbow.
- Right.
- A plane.
- A squid.
A squid. that's right!
Oh. how about you. Juwon?
A tree-ee?
A tree?
A tree only has two syllables.
Juwon.
A pine tree...
Horaebi*!
(It means widower in Korean)
Horaebi?
Teacher. what is a horaebi?
Huh?
Well. that is...
A horaebi can do anything!
A horaebi can even make you an oppa!
[Handmade kalguksu. bibim kalguksu. rice. soju. beer. soda]
- All right!
- Juwon. you're back?
Juwon. it's your dad.
Daddy!
All right.
Thank you.
Are you really a horaebi?
Is it true? Are you really a horaebi?
Ahjussi. are you really a horaebi?
Ahjussi. can you really do anything?
Yeah.
Then. is Juwon going to have an oppa?
Of course! A horaebi can do anything!
Kids. sit down and put on your seat belts.
Did someone say that Daddy was a horaebi?
Madam.
Madam!
D-Did Madam l-lie?
Well. it's not completely a lie...
but it's not completely true. either.
[Episode 1]
But Juwon.
do you have to have an oppa?
You have Daddy.
But you have to sell noodles. You can't play with me.
That's true.
I do have to sell noodles.
But you can't suddenly make an oppa appear out of nowhere.
I know that.
You do?
Did Madam tell you that. too?
Yeah. she said you needed to go on a blind date*.
("Seon or Sun" in Korean)
But Daddy. what is a blind date?
She said I needed to go on a blind date?
So what is it?
Blind...
S-Sun!
S-u-n. the sun.
It's the sun.
Is it the third floor?
Third floor?
Yeah. we have new neighbors moving into the third floor.
- Maybe an oppa is coming. too.
- Oppa?
Let's go.
Let's go!
[Ohryun Mansion Apartment Complex Map]
It's not as backcountry as I'd thought.
- Yes.
- It should be backcountry.
We intentionally moved to somewhere nobody would know us.
You're right.
- It's oppa!
- Oh. there is an oppa.
Oppa!
You moved here. right? To the third floor?
Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm your second-floor neighbor.
Hi.
Honey. he's our second-floor neighbor.
Hello.
Sanha. say hello. too.
Oh. hi!
Sanha.
Are you sweating?
I don't know if you saw a noodle shop on the way
with lots of stairs before you turn a corner.
I'm the owner of that restaurant.
Come by for some noodles sometime.
I'll treat you to celebrate you moving in.
I guess you're a family of three.
Yes. We are a family of three.
A family of two lives on the second floor.
and a family of three lives on the third floor.
That's so cool!
It is pretty cool.
What's so funny?
- Pardon?
- Is that so funny?
I'm asking if a family of three is that funny.
No.
What's with him? So annoying.
The ahjumma is scary.
Yeah. She's really scary.
Yeah.
What? Should I have laughed along with him?
I'm saying you didn't have to be so rude.
Do you laugh or cry as you see fit?
"We were originally a family of four. but we're a family of three now. ha-ha. ho-ho."
Why didn't you say that. huh?
He asked first so he could tell us they were a family of two.
because he didn't want his child to say she doesn't have a mom.
How do you know that!
Why did you want to come to such a backcountry like this?
You hated people whispering about us.
You wanted to live quietly where nobody knew us.
Didn't you say that?
If you want to do that. you should get along with others appropriately.
- Let's move again!
- To where?
Wherever!
Stop being so unreasonable!
Gosh. damn it!
Hello.
- Let's just end it all!
- Gosh. you're driving me nuts!
I'm starting work tomorrow. Are you seriously doing this?
That's perfect.
Then. you could quit right away!
Is anyone home?
We received a report.
We received a noise complaint...
S-Sergeant.
I didn't know it was your home.
Can I explain everything tomorrow at work?
Oh. okay. Then. see you tomorrow-
Is it okay to just go like this?
Since he knows we received a complaint. I'm sure they'll be quiet tonight.
You heard from the chief. right?
Pardon? About what?
They lost their daughter last year. and the three of them moved down here.
It'd be weirder if their relationship was good.
Make sure to watch your mouth elsewhere.
Is that true?
Oh. did they originally have a daughter?
They had a daughter?
Oh. goodness.
Gosh. I'm so forgetful. I came out while eating dinner.
Oh. well. I suppose it could be noisy on the move-in day.
Let's go inside.
- Hurry up and get in.
- Okay.
Daddy. what is losing a daughter?
Juwon. you weren't sleeping?
When you see the family living above us.
let's not talk about his younger siblings. What do you say?
Why not?
Juwon. you get sad when people talk about moms. right?
Yeah.
That's right.
You miss her more even though she's gone now.
- Yeah.
- It's the same.
Ahjussi. Ahjumma. and Oppa would also be sad
if someone talks about younger siblings
when they no longer have them.
Yeah. they shouldn't be sad.
When you meet Oppa tomorrow. bring him home with you.
I'll make something tasty for you.
Something tasty? Like meat?
Okay.
Oppa!
What are you doing?
Do you want to watch TV at my house?
Do you want to watch TV?
It's okay.
I was about to head inside anyway.
Oh. really?
Yes.
Mommy's not really mad.
You know that. right?
She's not mad?
When people are really sad.
it may seem like they're angry.
You and I shouldn't get angry. Sanha. Okay?
Okay.
You'll get hurt.
Hold this.
I wondered why a detective in the violent crimes unit in Seoul
would move down to somewhere like this.
Then again. what family doesn't have problems?
Still. if you see them. don't act like you know.
If they moved to a place where they know nobody.
they want to put it all in the past.
Aigoo. sometimes. you speak too easily.
You even talked about me being a horaebi to Juwon.
Aigoo.
You think you could keep it a secret in such a small neighborhood?
Mr. Yoon. does anyone in this neighborhood not know you lost your wife in Seoul
and have been a widower for three years.
Everyone knows!
Whatever it is. you have to speak it aloud.
That way. you realize the difficulties you're going through
may not be such a big deal.
Still. what happened to their family isn't common.
Since you mention it. I heard that
it happened while only the son was present.
What?
I heard that something went wrong while only the son and daughter were home.
So. it seems like the mom partially blames the son for it.
There's such a dark shadow over his face...
How about an adult? Is there an adult besides you?
No one's here.
No one...
It's okay. It'll be fine. Just wait a little bit.
No one's here...
What is it?
We have tasty food at my house.
I'm not hungry.
I guess you're not hungry.
If you get hungry. knock on our door.
Children shouldn't be hungry. Okay?
- Ramen?
- Yeah.
He says he's not hungry because he had ramen.